= active_record-tableless_model

Simplify creating ActiveRecord clases which don't need a database table. Useful for:

* Factory method, ie creating other classes
* Wizard (multi-step) forms
* Presenter style forms handling mutiple models

Thanks to {Ryan Bates Tableless Model Railscast}[http://railscasts.com/episodes/193-tableless-model]
and the {Tableless Model asciicast}[http://asciicasts.com/episodes/193-tableless-model.html for the inspiration].

There is an <a href="http://www.keithmcdonnell.net/">active_record-tableless_model introduction on Keith McDonnells ruby blog</a> . 

== Install

@$ gem install active_record-tableless_model@ 

== Usage

   require 'active_record-tableless_model'

   class Task < ActiveRecord::Base
     no_table 
     
     column :description,  :text
     column :priority,     :integer
     column :project_id,   :string  
   end 

Note that your class must still inherit from ActiveRecord if you need to use validations and associations.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 {Keith Mc Donnell}[http://www.keithmcdonnell.net] . See LICENSE for details.
